Kiara ✌-: I could
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to the restroom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just saw you got it. The room. I'm like, crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because the restroom. How are you today.
Kiara ✌-: I'm doing good.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, now
Kiara ✌-: I mean, when I started when I logged in, and I was kind of like waiting. I was like, man, I'm starting to feel tired now.
Kiara ✌-: I'm so used to like on the go, you know, like, go, go, go. Usually, whenever I kind of like when I go on my lunch break and stuff that's kind of like whenever I kind of start to get tired and stuff like that so
Kiara ✌-: Right, yeah. Everything else has been, you know, good.
Kiara ✌-: And last week, though it was like the last time whenever I was like oh can we do therapy. You know, like every other week because everything's all good.
Kiara ✌-: And then last week like that Monday and my husband, he was just like, and I dragged my motorcycle, all the way to Michigan and I'm like, Are you stupid.
Kiara ✌-: Like it really upset me. I mean, at least he asked me and didn't say, Hey, I'm doing this, you know, so kudos to him for actually asking me
Kiara ✌-: But
Kiara ✌-: He is like basically was like, well, I'm just going to keep asking just to kind of let you know that, like, Well, I'm just going to keep you know like he wasn't like mean or rude about it or whatever, but he
Kiara ✌-: I don't know it. And then he started kind of like bribed me. He's like, I'll give you like $500 and I'm like,
Kiara ✌-: No, and he's like, I'll give you $1,000 and I was like, no, you can't put a price on your life because I'm so afraid that he's gonna die. You know, like literally driving over 2000 miles or something like that to go to Michigan and he
Kiara ✌-: Was the Mexican his best friends, family is all there. That's like where he's from. I guess, and he hasn't seen as sending like yours. I mean, it sends know I think his son is like maybe in his early 20s or so.
Kiara ✌-: No, I don't know how like how long he's lived here in Sacramento or California or whatever but
Kiara ✌-: He basically my husband, Kevin. He was saying, well, Danny is not going to go if I don't go with him. And he's like, I was like, wow, really care about Danny. I mean, like, Yeah, I do. Because he's. He used to live with us and he's a pretty cool guy and stuff like that but
Kiara ✌-: I don't know. I guess he was trying to, like, I don't know, like the word but trying to make me feel bad, or like
Kiara ✌-: Kind of forced me like make me feel obligated to definitely let him go and stuff like that.
Kiara ✌-: And so I was kind of like thinking about it and stuff like that. And for two days. I was like, kind of upset about it. I was just really quiet didn't really want to talk to him, and though the like the first couple days. Yeah, I was okay but then I think it was like on Wednesday. I told them.
Kiara ✌-: Actually, we don't hold on knows about two weeks ago when all this stuff was going down with him asking me at first it was kind of like a joke. And it was all playful, or whatever. And then on Monday is when he and because that weekend.
Kiara ✌-: We were like cleaning and stuff. And I was like writing down a list like I had another little list, we're all like, Okay, well, if you want to go to Michigan.
Kiara ✌-: ride your bike all the way there, then, like, three things. And then on Monday is when he asked me.
Kiara ✌-: Because I told him, like I have a list. He didn't ask me over text, but then whenever we came home, he was doing the dishes and he's like, so what's the list about and I was like, there's three things that I would like you to
Kiara ✌-: Do, and I did say yes to the money, but not because I got wanna. I just want to hold on to the money or like buy stuff that I do want to buy because he buys a lot of stuffers motorcycle and
Kiara ✌-: Claire and he has like an IRA and I told him it like what the whole money thing. I'm like, it bothers me that you say that that your money. That's all your money. I don't care for make more money.
Kiara ✌-: Because like even this car that I'm driving he Yeah he worked in stuff like that. But I told him, like I hate how he a lot of stuff. He says, oh, that's mine This is mine.
Kiara ✌-: He does it say this is ours. You know, I told him, like with the Carl's like even though I drive the car and the car is for me. I still don't call it my car, I call it our car.
Kiara ✌-: Well, anytime I say if it's my cars like if I'm at work or with a friend. I'm like, Yeah, I'm gonna go out to my car. Like, that's when I say my car alley either say our car or the car.
Kiara ✌-: No, I brought that up to him, but the part that that the other two things was, you know, like, try to have sex with me more instead of saying, Oh, I'm tired because he doesn't work overtime anymore.
Kiara ✌-: So with him, saying, Oh, I'm tired, he could, he could sleep for like 10 or 12 hours in a day and still be tired or even if he just got a regular eight hours of sleep. He still always tired or he just doesn't want to have sex with me. And then the last thing was is that I told him that
Kiara ✌-: I would like him to stop getting his Adderall. Because yeah, even though he gets a prescription for it and he doesn't take it like every single day or abuse or anything like that.
Kiara ✌-: And I told him like, it's like, like I don't know exactly if I should be mad or by shouldn't be mad like I'm overreacting over it but him like he basically said, Why should I have to stop taking my Adderall and I'm not the one who abuses a or like you do and
Kiara ✌-: He basically tried to make it sound because like I said it's disrespectful. I feel like it's disrespectful that you won't say that you'll start getting your Adderall and
Kiara ✌-: Like, I don't know, he kind of like turned it on. To me, I think, in a way, like, I don't know how to really describe it, but
Kiara ✌-: I just wish he wouldn't get it. He thinks like I got my Adderall. And he's like, oh, I want some at all. I told I was like, I'm not going to give me my Adderall, because it actually really helps me, like, ever since I was a kid.
Kiara ✌-: I was never really treated for it until I became obviously became just like within the last year or so that's whenever I was like okay I work in a call center and it's very, very bad but like my whole life. I've always just dealt with it. And you know, it's just whatever
Kiara ✌-: But then he was like, well, I'm just going to go to my doctor and then just get some Adderall. And I was just like five or whatever. Do whatever you want to do, and he does have like a smaller dose than what I used to have.
Kiara ✌-: I just wish he wouldn't take it because he doesn't actually need it, but he's, he says, well, when I take it, it actually does help me focus and that are that are that are like
Kiara ✌-: Like, I don't know, like I just don't feel like he needs it, and he like his doctor his main doctor is kind of considered like the candy, man.
Kiara ✌-: You know, like he feel good about pills and stuff like that and
Kiara ✌-: He I got a Jolly Rancher my mouth and it's like it's making
Kiara ✌-: A lottery. So my that
Kiara ✌-: I'm going to take it out home.
Kiara ✌-: So,
Kiara ✌-: With the Adderall. He said, like with Adderall. Whenever I asked my doctor about it. He's like, okay, I'll give you the first dose.
Kiara ✌-: And then after that you have to go not first dose, but the first month and then you have to go see psychiatrists for it. And, you know, they'll be able to
Kiara ✌-: Test you and then you know continue your prescriptions and stuff like that. Well, with my husband's doctor, he doesn't do that you just build it for him every month and then like once every six months, he comes in and takes a pee test and then he's good, but
Kiara ✌-: I just like I was just kind of like stuck because like I don't know if I'm being selfish myself.
Kiara ✌-: Or I just feel like I'm disrespected, and for like two old days, like that's what I was just really upset. I didn't want to talk to
Kiara ✌-: And it was kind of like a fight, and I was just like he said that he will love you and I just kind of like ignored it or I said okay, or something like that and not because the mall because I felt like he just disrespected me in a way and I tried to tell him because like
Kiara ✌-: After we had Kilian MY HUSBAND, HE HAS dad gave him like one like an Oracle or whatever. And that was like whenever I was like trying to stop and everything. And I was like, is disrespectful for you to just take like an oracle right in front of my face when you know I have problems and
Kiara ✌-: He like understood that he's like, okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that kind of thing. But now that he has that are all who takes out all the time.
Kiara ✌-: You know, like every day and he tries to say, Oh, well I don't take it you know every single day. I only really take it all work days and
Kiara ✌-: I even, you know, give a couple to Danny, you know, here and there and stuff. And I tell her, like, you know, technically supposed to give that stuff away. Anyways, we're sell it or whatever because he even said that he's like well
Kiara ✌-: I'll still get it, but maybe I'll just sell it. And that's where I tour. Like, you shouldn't be doing that either, because if you get caught. And you could probably like something serious can really happen.
Kiara ✌-: Definitely get to take it away from you, for sure, but you never know. Like, somebody could either rat you out or you can go to jail or, you know, I don't know exactly what the repercussions for that are but you know I look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have a struggle with him taking it does, it does trigger you want to wanting to take it.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, like, I mean, I wish that I could take it because even though I've never gotten like high or anything off of Adderall.
Kiara ✌-: I still wish that I could take medicine, just like Adderall itself that actually does help me.
Kiara ✌-: But he takes it. I feel like he doesn't really need it, but I guess it is kind of like a trigger. And I, I kind of try to explain to him that, but
Kiara ✌-: Like he he's still turns it around on me and thinks that like I abused it because
Kiara ✌-: Like, yes I do that like and what like Dr. Alan Jackson was wasn't hurt. No, sorry, it was Dr. Kurtz. The lady with the interview when I told her I was like yeah I typically
Kiara ✌-: Like I said that I technically I've used it, but I didn't like take like three, four or five, like, you know, I wasn't doing it like I was doing with the narcos and all the painkillers. It was more of like I would just take like one extra because it actually worked better that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you what you what I hear that you're saying
Kiara ✌-: I hate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a therapy thing, but is that you took it and your dose probably needed to be adjusted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so when you took that extra dose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got the effects from it that you needed. Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: But whenever I tried to tell the psychiatrist that I wanted to go, you know, I think that I should be adjusted more
Kiara ✌-: She told me, Well, you should you like you don't just get used to the medication.
Kiara ✌-: And then need to be bumped up, you know, kind of like with, you know, pain medicine like your body gets used to it and then you go up a dose or whatever. But I guess with Adderall.
Kiara ✌-: That doesn't happen. But the thing is is that anytime. When I start off on like other medications and stuff. I always like to start off small
Kiara ✌-: And then I like to work myself up.
Kiara ✌-: And where I was at. I was like, yeah, it works, but it's not like it was it was definitely working like okay
Kiara ✌-: That was good. It was more of like I was like yeah this is fine, you know, but it wasn't like the best right
Kiara ✌-: So, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then do you feel that you were abusing it in that manner.
Kiara ✌-: Well that see that was the thing is like I was kind of confused because I didn't feel like I was abusing it. Sorry, like I was saying, so like I take took multiple of it never gotten high off of it ever like how people
Kiara ✌-: That's what I don't understand what people say oh yeah I take Adderall and like people stay up and they feel like super happy off of it and stuff.
Kiara ✌-: Like I've never felt that ever off of that role. And then when I told the psychiatrists that I was like, Yeah, I didn't tell you that I was taking double the amount because I want her to take it away from me.
Kiara ✌-: But I told her, when I was first taking. I was like, I can tell that this is like actually really helping because it's not like I feel
Kiara ✌-: Higher loopy off of it when I take Adderall. Not only did it calmed me down a lot. I can actually focus and like gather myself when memory was getting better. I wasn't for getting stuff.
Kiara ✌-: But
Kiara ✌-: Talk about memory.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So why did you quit taking it.
Kiara ✌-: Because right guy was getting it through my regular psychiatry just, you know, through my regular doctors, you know, place.
Kiara ✌-: And my doctor whenever he basically caught me or found out about like my abuse. He's like, I'm about to tell your psychiatrists
Kiara ✌-: So I said, Okay, fine. And then after that, because my psychiatry, she was kind of like
Kiara ✌-: She was like, intimidating, even though she seemed kind of like nice, I could just she she just gave me like a weird vibe that I could just tell her. Tell that she was like, kind of like a bitch deep down inside. You know, so
Kiara ✌-: After that, when she found out I was like, I don't want to
Kiara ✌-: I don't want to see her talk to her ever getting kind of thing so
Kiara ✌-: At that point, because it's considered I guess like the
Kiara ✌-: Controlled substance or whatever else, like, okay, I'm not going to take it kind of thing. And when we were talking to when I was talking to, what's his name again Moser for his
Kiara ✌-: First name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Dr. Master
Kiara ✌-: And NASA. There we go.
Kiara ✌-: So when I was talking to him. He's like, Okay, first will because
Kiara ✌-: You know, like all the things that I have, like, of course, addiction is number one.
Kiara ✌-: Mm hmm. And then like if because I had marked off over like
Kiara ✌-: You know, depression, anxiety, bipolar and then they Adderall. Like he basically wanted to work on one thing with treatment wise.
Kiara ✌-: So first, like if I had my anxiety and my depression. That would be kind of like obviously the substance thing would be the first thing. And then my depression, anxiety, and then basically last thing on the list would have been, you know, my ADHD.
Kiara ✌-: Anything, so he's like, I don't want to treat anything for that until we get everything else sorted
Kiara ✌-: Kind of thing and even my husband, he's like, why don't you still get your outer on like because they basically kind of took it away from me and I'd have to go through my psychiatrist again over there and like I don't want to see her again. And, you know,
Kiara ✌-: You can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't you ask Dr. Our DAG about it.
Kiara ✌-: I was
Kiara ✌-: Thinking about it. Yeah, I was gonna, I was thinking about that because I know she's, she's like more open to it and I've been, you know, like today's by former or know yesterday was my four month so and I feel like even with my my Suboxone even though you don't get half of that or anything.
Kiara ✌-: And and of course what the Adderall. Definitely don't get half that either, but I feel like I'm in a good place where I'm like, Okay, I don't, I don't have any depression. Well, I mean like sometimes I might go through like little spells, but I don't really call that depression.
Kiara ✌-: My anxiety and stuff like that.
Kiara ✌-: I don't. The only time I really have anxiety is whenever I wake up from those crazy ass dreams and I feel a little bit anxious and stuff, but I don't have like full blown panic attacks, out of nowhere like I used to. And I think the reason why I had such bad anxiety back then was because
Kiara ✌-: Of, you know, because I was taking so many, so many Narcos and then when I wouldn't take it. I feel very anxious and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Kiara ✌-: It would do all that stuff. And with the bipolar I was talking to Dr. Kurtz with a lady who's doing the interview or the podcast. She I told her about that.
Kiara ✌-: And she basically said that she like truly believes that when people who are
Kiara ✌-: Like, or people who have addictions. There's always like a kind of like an underlying like there's some type of like mental
Kiara ✌-: Mental thing behind it and she said, I don't know if it's good or bad or not, but she said she would take the bipolar stuff off because
Kiara ✌-: Usually, like when you're, you know, on drugs and stuff like that, you're, you're usually up and down like all the time because
Kiara ✌-: You know whether you have the drugs or if you don't have the drugs and
Kiara ✌-: If you really looked at it, the times that I was up in always happy is when I was on drugs. And then when I wasn't on drugs like when I go through withdrawals for a few days.
Kiara ✌-: Because I didn't have any money to get my supply that's what I'd be in my deep, deep blows and feel depressed and stuff like that so
Kiara ✌-: She took that off for me for my record because I said like I asked her, I was just like, I really wish I could you know have that taken off my record and she's like, I could do that for you. And then she told me all that stuff. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really, really good because you can't really gauge any kind of mental health until after you get substance abuse under control.
Kiara ✌-: Right. Yes. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it takes a while for your body and your mind to start functioning normally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, when you're diagnosed, whether you're in 30 and you see this all the time with 30 day rehabs people get diagnosed with these things and then six months after they get clean and sober and their heads coming together and they're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, everything is aligned. All of a sudden, they don't have those same symptoms anymore, but they are still being treated and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's in their chart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As they have this diagnosis. And so, you know, I'm glad she took it off because here's the thing, you know, if you aren't technically bipolar. You don't want to be labeled with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly. Oh.
Kiara ✌-: My thing is something happens to me or if I'm in the hospital and for whatever type of reason. I don't want them to be like, oh, she's bipolar because
Kiara ✌-: Especially with people who are bipolar. There's always some stigma around it, where ya know she's she has to be freaking crazy out of her mind or something, you know, but it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My bad, or is it seems like so many people are diagnosed bipolar with bipolar.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, that's the Go To anymore. You know what I mean to go to diagnosis. When technically you really don't know it can't see what is actually going on until you have a little bit of time under your belt. You know what I mean.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would encourage you, you know, especially since you know it sounds to me like here, you didn't abuse it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean that, and you can explain this to Dr. Ellen died that you were on it. You started treatment, you know, the last dr, dr Nasser said he wanted to wait till you were stable in your program your stable and your program. And now you would like to revisit this piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, set up a meeting with her and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if it's if your husband is it ABUSING IT AND HE IS TAKING IT LIKE HE'S LIKE HE SAYS HE IS myself. What I would suggest is that you leave him just leave them be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really focus on your own ADHD.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no reason why you can't. Yeah, you're an addict, you're addicted to opiates. Right. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that you can't still utilize these medications to help you with your ADHD. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that would be what I would say, you know, work, work your program around your stuff. If he hasn't abused it and he doesn't show signs of being an addict and abusing them like if you see him taking four or five a day. You see, have taken two and three a day staying up for nights on in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would have huge concerns at that point myself.
Kiara ✌-: First, I was kind of like upset and then
Kiara ✌-: You know as like the days went by, like, I know that I usually have a tendency to overreact at them in the moment type of thing. Sure. And that's kind of
Kiara ✌-: Usually why I kind of stay quiet.
Kiara ✌-: Because like will like back in the day, like whenever I was a kid, I would just blow up like with my ex. I was just, it didn't matter what it was. I would just throw a fit. And then a couple days later, I'm like, wow, I was acting pretty crazy or
Kiara ✌-: I shouldn't have overreact and stuff. So like, and then whenever it happened, I was thinking I was like a kind of want to talk to you because I know that
Kiara ✌-: Like I wanted to talk to somebody to kind of like, you know, be like no care sorry but you're not wrong. But, you know, kind of like what you said. Like if he's not abusing it and stuff, then
Kiara ✌-: You know, kind of, let him be but if he's RC overtaking it or something, then you know then be concerned. But I'd kind of
Kiara ✌-: Like over the days I've kind of slowly kind of been thinking that, but I, that's why I haven't like reached out and like I need to talk to Rebecca, like right now kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: Because I kind of slowly started to realize that he's not really abusing it and stuff. And I was thinking, like, I'm kind of being selfish for wanting him to stop because of me even though he's not abusing it kind of thing. But, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If he's been if he's got it from a, from a doctor and he has the diagnosis to back it up and it helps him. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would just tell him you know if you start abusing it. Then we're going to have some issues we're going to have to revisit it. Wait, I was trying to pull up your chart. I want to pull up your chart to see if you had that in there. Hold on one second. I want to see if you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hear
Kiara ✌-: Your kind of choppy your screen is frozen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here in an area. Can you hear me now.
Kiara ✌-: I think so. Okay, you
Kiara ✌-: Hear me now come back.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, hear me now.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, I can hear your pictures. Just a little frozen, but that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me, how do you spell your last name.
Kiara ✌-: Oh apostrophe and
Oh,
Kiara ✌-: Okay. Oh, and he I ll
Kiara ✌-: And then hyphen domingo's
Kiara ✌-: Do you mean spot at to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, let me get that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Domingos the M.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I N
Kiara ✌-: G you easy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay i a RA.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think they just have you either. I think they have just under two new guys
Kiara ✌-: Because I know some places they either have me just under O'Neill, or just domain guys or the whole thing or no apostrophe no hyphen like
Kiara ✌-: Well, I
Am confusing.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: I went from like one of the most simple last name, I
Made a name is more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, you did. Is this your husband's last name.
Kiara ✌-: O'Neill yummy. Yeah, the whole thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let me see what they've got you diagnose says exactly. Yep. They got you used to take Adderall. But state stop do too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to see this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: inside us to take out a robot stop due to a noticeable effect. Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely and I'll shoot her an email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About having maybe setting you up a you know a med review appointment with her so that you can talk about it.
Kiara ✌-: Okay. And I know when probably the Adderall. She might want me to set up a psychiatrist with bright heart because I think she doesn't have access to or she doesn't have
Kiara ✌-: Like her. I don't know her whole licensing like I know whenever she first started, there were certain medications, where she's like, okay, yeah. To see psychiatrists for that. So I don't know if Adderall would be kind of under the same thing. I'm not sure. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That would definitely I'll find out. I'll email her and asked her, you know about it. And if it's something that she's willing to evaluate with you because it's in your chart that you you know that you do have it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you were taking the medication for but you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The exact wording that he put in there was that you didn't feel any effects from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it, which is, you know, which is awesome because then you can reevaluate it with her. And if you have to get an appointment with one of our psychiatry. So that's totally cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And then there, they would definitely work with you as far as the amount
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And adjusting it until it does what it's supposed to do like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would be normal. I mean, we did you do that on Suboxone to right yeah you're just IT YOU GO UP UNTIL IT DOES THE has the desired effect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it would seem that it would be the same exact way with any other
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, medication. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let's focus. Let's focus on getting your stuff. Right. Right. And just kind of take it from there, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think
Kiara ✌-: That sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what did you you came to the conclusion that you were gonna let him take the bike ride.
Kiara ✌-: And yeah, like he's going to be gone for two whole weeks. And that was another thing that kind of like upset me is because I was like
Kiara ✌-: Again, me being selfish. I'm like, I gotta wake up early and I gotta you know drop them off drop, you know, killing off, you know, a daycare and like normally I told my husband because he usually picks them up and drop them off at daycare.
Kiara ✌-: Every day, and whenever he works late or, you know, does whatever then have like a or if he asked me if he wants to ride his bike home, or two, or whatever, then, oh, drop them off or pick them up or whatever.
Kiara ✌-: But I always tell him, I was like, if anything, I really don't like dropping them off in the morning because he's always a butthead in the morning.
Kiara ✌-: And He always wants his daddy and I'm always late to work. Anyways, so it's like usually like I might be like a couple minutes late to work, but then whenever I have to drop killing off. He
Kiara ✌-: Doesn't want me to go after I drop them off and it just always makes me late like I'm always between, like, five to 15 minutes late, every day and
Kiara ✌-: Even then, my boss is fine with it. And then one of the other MSA is who is kind of like a lead. She's very she's very controlling and bossy, you know, she's basically like a supervisor, but she's not really
Kiara ✌-: But she's okay with it because with her. It's like, as long as it's like family related or a real emergency like if you don't have any kids and you're just late all the time, then
Kiara ✌-: She can be crap for it, but she's okay with it. But then other people will start to go to my supervisor or her and be like, Why is she always late. Why does KR get to start at this time and feminine so
Kiara ✌-: It's always it always creates that kind of friction type of thing with other people at work. And another thing about work is we have a new gal start there. I actually used to work with her at the call center. I don't know if I told you this or not but
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, we used to work at the call center together. She started like maybe a few weeks or a month after I did. And we've become a lot more
Kiara ✌-: Close, I guess. And, you know, we're kind of like on the same page because I told her, when she first started, I was like,
Kiara ✌-: Trying to be negative or try to be gossipy but I'm just like, know that what I've noticed is that when you're like the newbie of the group. They kind of they kind of treat you like shit, or they make you feel bad.
Kiara ✌-: And because like
Kiara ✌-: I noticed that with me. And at first I thought I was kind of overreacting, or just being sensitive and stuff. And I might have been extra sensitive about it because of my I feel like
Kiara ✌-: Through this whole process of being like, like recovering and stuff like that for my addiction and stuff.
Kiara ✌-: And I've had to feel my feelings in real life, instead of having to cover them up and you know smother them with drugs, all the time. And because I used to just be like, I don't fucking care what you think about me like I do.
Kiara ✌-: Whatever I want and done at it and now it's like, I don't
Kiara ✌-: Have that you know the drug blanket to cover me up to hold in my feelings or prevent things from affecting me and now you know it does. But does whatever anyways but then a new guy. He started
Kiara ✌-: Like a couple of months ago and I saw that. I saw like what they did with me. But what they did with him and they kind of treated him and they kind of talk shit about him when he wasn't around or even to his face like he'd be sitting on the other side of the room and
Kiara ✌-: You know, they would be all like, well, he doesn't do this or blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, I knew it, I knew that I wasn't like completely crazy and then the same thing with her name is Susie. She's like,
Kiara ✌-: She was she's a veteran. So she's, she's like, I'm a lot more tough, but she also doesn't take shit so she definitely notices things and she realizes, and she's not really like the feeling type of person, but she she gets what people are like insinuating things and stuff like that so
Kiara ✌-: Last Friday.
Kiara ✌-: We did, and
Kiara ✌-: That was the thing is like I felt like karma hit me because
Kiara ✌-: Me and Susie, we were the best ones left and everybody else left and I stayed a little bit late because I came in late, of course, and
Kiara ✌-: That was the night that my son cut his finger open and broke the tip of his finger. And I was like, if I wasn't talking shit and that probably wouldn't have happened to him if I would have just got off.
Kiara ✌-: A few minutes late, then it would have been fine but I got off like 40 minutes late. So if I wasn't yeah reacting my well that would have probably never happened. But I can't really
Kiara ✌-: Go back into the future and fix things. But she but the conversations that we were having she's just like, yeah, they like when I do my there, you know, my group therapy appointments with you guys.
Kiara ✌-: And
Kiara ✌-: I guess last or the beginning or not. This week it was last week.
Kiara ✌-: They were all like, does anybody know work, er, Wayne. What is she coming back like just asking a whole bunch of questions. It's like, what I'm doing is none of your damn business and
Kiara ✌-: My supervisor knows what I'm doing. He knows not like my full story, but he knows about my story.
Kiara ✌-: And he knows where I'm doing. And that's all that technically really matters. And even then, I shouldn't
Kiara ✌-: EVEN BEEN, LIKE, I DON'T HAVE TO GIVE HIM details, but I do just to kind of make it a little bit, you know, kind of, let me do my thing.
Kiara ✌-: My and I put my time in I'm using my leave. So it's not like I'm doing it for free or just using my lunchtime, or whatever I do I use part of my lunchtime, but we normally
Kiara ✌-: Have an hour lunch break, because we take all of our breaks at once, just to get it out of the way and be done with it. And also, just because it's nice to have an hour lunch.
And
Kiara ✌-: But for Mondays. I go from pretty much 930 to a little past 11 whenever we're done is 930 at to make sure I check in and get in time. And then we could start at 10
Kiara ✌-: So, um, how I put my time in is I pretty much just take an hour off from work, but then I still take a 30 minute lunch, but then I don't take my last
Kiara ✌-: That you know i i should be getting anyways but
Kiara ✌-: I don't take those 15th, because I know if I do go on my 15
Kiara ✌-: People will talk shit and, like, say, well, how come she needs to take a break. She already went to, you know, she's already gone for an hour and a half. Like, that's how they are. They're like, they don't say it, but they do tell my my supervisor.
Kiara ✌-: And it's like they're trying to get me in trouble, kind of thing. And it's like, it's like
Kiara ✌-: Another business school. Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, exactly. And that's what I told my supervisor. I was like, it's nobody's business what I'm doing. I'm like, you see how I put my time in I'm cleaning my time and using my time up the way that you know
Kiara ✌-: It like typically I'm still get paid for it because it's paid time off, but I usually use like sick leave for like my appointments and stuff and then
Kiara ✌-: You know, so
Kiara ✌-: Like me and Susie with our conversations and stuff like that. She's like, I know they're probably talking shit about me whenever I'm not around, and
Kiara ✌-: I'm like, Yeah, I'm pretty sure they do too. And I told her I was like, Well honestly when you're not around Susie. I was like, I don't hear any I don't hear them really talk about you or insinuate anything
Kiara ✌-: And she's like, Yeah, they probably don't. Same thing, because we talk and we're like friends and stuff.
Kiara ✌-: And and and that's whenever she told me about me where that head lady. Her name is Monica. She's very controlling I'm pretty. I don't want to like assume anything but
Kiara ✌-: I feel like she's on something, because the way that she acts and I don't know she's kind of shaky, and she really insane pregnancy rates. She
Kiara ✌-: And then she gets her words and she's crazy
Kiara ✌-: Obviously, assuming you're
Kiara ✌-: Right, because like she just the way that she acts and I think I told you is I don't know weeks ago, but my boss was walking out
Kiara ✌-: While he was still working there because now he works from home right now because his health and she pretty much asked my boss. She's like, You want to Norco john
Kiara ✌-: Like just offer them a frickin Norco and I'm like, What the hell is this a candy shop like she just offered him one. And I'm like really wish I could just
Kiara ✌-: Write like like just say something to her, but obviously I can't, I will
Kiara ✌-: But I don't know it's just like it's kind of like when you see one, you know, one type of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's the great part about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the great part about what we have to deal with, is it gives us like this. Extra Sensory
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what I mean a weekend tell somebody that has been using or is sober or struggling with using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can tell it like right off the bat. It's kind of amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like an Extra Sensory is what I call it. We have the extra sense because she always because like whenever I took Norco and stuff. I feel like I was probably will.
Kiara ✌-: I don't know if I was kind of technically allergic to them because it would make my noses. It would make you know I would just always feel really itchy. So I don't. That was considered an allergic reaction, but
Kiara ✌-: Of course, when I would look on Google or something about being itchy from it. I think it could also just be because it's an opiate and
Kiara ✌-: I think that just naturally already does that. But then again, I think so. I didn't know if it was technically a side effect.
Kiara ✌-: Or like an allergic reaction kind of thing, but she had always like it's her nose. Your nose nose is always read. She says that her back is always itchy. And that was, like, one of the things with me, too, is like
Kiara ✌-: Always like in the middle of my back, like where my spine is it would always be edgy and she's like, Man, my back is always so itchy all the time. Oh my. Oh, I wonder why. But again, that's
Kiara ✌-: Funny but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, you know, I've definitely heard or seen
Kiara ✌-: Or witness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, or even felt when I've been on opioids in the past that knows just for some reason, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The back is new. I haven't heard of that before. So it could be that could be a real allergic reaction to it. Or it could just be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, an effect from it. I just sent her an email. The doctor telling her that you would like to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have evaluate medication and I kind of gave her a little bit of history that you and Dr. NASA talked about it in the beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he wanted you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get stable in the program. First you're stable in the program. Is it something that she can handle or do I need to get you an appointment with a psychiatry, one of our psychiatrists, so I'm just kind of waiting for her response. So she has an idea, you know on what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're looking for, you know what it is. And definitely, if you're struggling with concentration and staying focused on what you need to do carry you know have that diagnosis.
Kiara ✌-: Who
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you feel that you can benefit from it and you're not going to abuse it, which is a good thing for you and your husband to really utilize keeping each other accountable for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. It's another way to connect with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, cuz he did ask me. He's like, how come you know how come you don't get your at all anymore. And I told him I was like, I basically lost it whenever I
Kiara ✌-: You know, whenever my doctor found out. So, you know, I just told him that I can't get it anymore. Kind of thing but he does things like he does kind of like some every once while he kind of throws it out like
Kiara ✌-: You need to take your Adderall. But I mean even like within the last four months, but he
Kiara ✌-: And he has like asked why and I was just like, and I like in before like the past like week or two, or whatever or the last week, you'd always asked me like
Kiara ✌-: If I've taken my Adderall or
Kiara ✌-: You really need to take like an Adderall or something because I just be all over the place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Kiara ✌-: A lot of the time, like my, like, I could say something like, sometimes it's kind of almost like a job like he tells me that my memory.
Kiara ✌-: Is horrible like will be like, he'll say something or always saying something, and either
Kiara ✌-: He will be like, What did you say, and I'm like, I literally forgot. Like, I've always thought I just had like a horrible memory problems stuff.
Kiara ✌-: Which I think I still probably do. But even like when I do stuff. I do like multiple projects at once. I can't stay with one thing at a time like I start stuff and then I lose stuff. And then same thing like
Kiara ✌-: Like what my psychiatrist did tell me is like, usually people not usually but
Kiara ✌-: I guess when people who have like ADHD or a DD even like in their relationships. They like to kind of like bounce around or they they can't stay in a relationship because they want something new and because like she I think she knows I can't remember.
Kiara ✌-: About how like with me like cheating on my husband, like, it's like I love my husband. I know he's a good guy. He's obviously the father to my son and all that kind of stuff. But there are times where I'm like, I wish I could just, you know, like
Kiara ✌-: You know either have a new boyfriend or a husband or mostly like a boyfriend kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: But, and then, of course, in the last like 10 years I've talked to, like many, many guys and then like once I'm, you know, to a certain point, like board.
Kiara ✌-: You know onto a new guy, you know, even though I have a guy sitting at home for me but
Kiara ✌-: He he lacks in a lot of stuff. And that's what but in the past like it pretty much ever since I've been clean. I haven't. I don't really talk to anybody. I mean, I
Kiara ✌-: There's this one guy that I talked to you that I have had sex with, but I don't
Kiara ✌-: Like I tell him I'm like I'm doing good in my relationship and stuff. He knows about my addiction and he's the guy that I met from a when I was first going and
Kiara ✌-: I just told her I was like, I don't like you obviously wants to meet up with me to like have sex rule stuff. I'm like, I don't, I don't want to do that anymore, kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: So, you know, the way I see it is like me cheating and stuff like that with him. I know that I'm like clean and stuff. I feel like I don't want to blame my addiction, for me, cheating. But I feel like it's
Kiara ✌-: Possibly like that was a different me that made that decision I i'm not sure if that's right or wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: risky behaviors. It's part of addiction, you know, we do things that we wouldn't normally do when we're sober. Yeah. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you could. And you know what I know is that if you feel that your marriage is worth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your loyalty. It's also worth the work to put in to make it better. You know what I mean, on both sides, you know. Yeah, definitely. I think that that's part of the problem today so many people are ready to jump and run and not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tough out
Kiara ✌-: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like a next
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure someone else and then we go and we find somebody else and they're worse than the ones we just got rid of
Kiara ✌-: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, makes
Kiara ✌-: And I definitely feel like with today's generation.
Kiara ✌-: Especially the people are younger than me, because I'm starting to get old, you know,
Kiara ✌-: 30 Mark like whoa, you're so old, but I feel like, you know, the kids are young adults that you know between like there. Well, I would say probably pretty much from like 17 to about like 25 or so.
Kiara ✌-: They're also like, I don't want to be married. Well, I guess I probably even need to like I have a lot of like people who I was with in high school, but people
Kiara ✌-: Like, I guess, friends or people who I went to high school with that. They either don't want kids, or they don't want marriage, like they don't want any of that stuff so
Kiara ✌-: I do feel like they're like this, today's generation, I guess, is not, they don't want to settle down or be married or have kids and stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, because they've had to live through their the previous generations mess up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they see what's the sense of that piece of paper. You know what I mean. And
Kiara ✌-: I mean, I do admit whenever I was younger. Before I met my husband. I didn't want to be married.
Kiara ✌-: Didn't want to have kids.
Kiara ✌-: I mean, I did want to have a kid, but I only wanted to see what the kids look like. Like, how much
Kiara ✌-: Like me, but that was the only real reason and it wasn't technically a logical I guess reason so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what you get.
Kiara ✌-: I got a
Kiara ✌-: Baby so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't that funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I do feel like I got
Kiara ✌-: Pretty lucky I kind of say, in a way, because even though I feel like like you take some, you lose some kind of thing, like, yeah. He's technically a good guy.
Kiara ✌-: He makes money and he puts up a lot of my shit and spoils me in a way, and he gives me what I want. I could still kind of treat him like shit. And he's still very calm about it.
Kiara ✌-: I mean, it kind of he's kind of like stood up more and more like throughout the years and stuff like whenever I start acting up or something, he kind of called me out on it or says like
Kiara ✌-: And that's kinda like where the name calling you know comes in, like, Oh, you're such a bitch all the time and you're kind of, you know, that is that a de
Kiara ✌-: And like the big part I'm like that just rolls off of me because I'm like that's like nothing but I don't. And like I even hate seeing the word count, but I just don't, I don't like that word. I feel like that's like really
Kiara ✌-: Derogatory or it's like really really negative. You know, it's like worse than a bitch.
Kiara ✌-: Ya know, so I don't appreciate really being called that. That offends me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's true defend you definitely you know that that is a very bad words.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: I don't like it. I don't even like that. And I definitely can't even say the P word, you know, the female part I
Kiara ✌-: Can't stand that word.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, very derogatory and then even like it sounds weird when I tell people I hate when it's like my husband will say it to me too. And I hate being called a woman like calm down. Women are getting the kitchen woman or, you know, like I just don't like the word
Kiara ✌-: Or when people call me women, whether it's like to be kind of like jokingly, or whatever. But even like when they say man or women I
Kiara ✌-: Don't know. I just don't like being called a woman like if I seemed like if I were to, like, say, what kind of gender, I guess that I am
Kiara ✌-: I mean, I guess I'd say I'm a girl, but I usually just say I am what I am. I'm not really I don't really say like, yes, I am a girl. Why say I'm a girl. Really, but
Kiara ✌-: Me. Thank you. Yeah, I'm not obviously I'm not a guy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Obviously, right.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah. And I'm not trying to say, oh yeah, transgender, or I'm like how some people are like, I'm non binary like I call me they are there, or I don't know.
Kiara ✌-: They them type of things. So, but I'm very, very like supportive of people who are like transgender and, you know, non binary like I'm very, very for that kind of thing, you know.
Kiara ✌-: Very interested in that kind of stuff. Not like curious like you know like when people are like, by curious or, you know, that kind of stuff, but
Kiara ✌-: I don't know, I just feel like those people are very, very, very strong and very confident in a way to kind of pursue to be who they think they really, really, really are, or I shouldn't say think that they know who they are, you know,
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, so I don't know what are we
Kiara ✌-: Talking about that. But yeah, that's all right. No big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna let him go for two weeks.
Kiara ✌-: Unfortunately, I don't want him to go but it says that in this another part I forgot to say it is like he says it's a once in a lifetime opportunity for him like he
Kiara ✌-: He has like a couple reasons or whatever for it, like him and his friend, Danny. They work they work together, they don't work at the same location, all the time because DANNY. HE
Kiara ✌-: Doesn't have like an actual office like my husband does he usually works more that way. Danny works more at different locations. Every day he fixes things around all the different up and down California and
Kiara ✌-: And then, but for their department is so small that if they were to bolt take time off, and at the same time, it would be
Kiara ✌-: Impossible like it'd be like, No, it's either you, Danny, or you Kevin not both you but I guess with dignity health because they're not seeing as many patients as they usually do, because of the coven 19 thing they
Kiara ✌-: They were told that they have to take at least like two weeks off before the end of June, so
Kiara ✌-: I guess they so they're not spending as much money, but at first I was like, I don't understand how that works because you have to use PTO anyways and you're still getting paid. So how does that work, but
Kiara ✌-: When I told Susie at work about it. She said that it probably has that probably put money into a certain account for people are for the company to pay for that paycheck, like it's a different account kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: So it's not the actual, you know,
Kiara ✌-: It's money that they have set aside, kind of thing to pay for people to be off work or use the sick leave, etc stuff. So yeah, that part makes sense now. But first I didn't get it. So I really
Kiara ✌-: Want to go but
Kiara ✌-: What do you think, like, should I actually took. I mean it. I'm not gonna go by your actual decision because I feel like I'm kind of forced, in a way, or you know and and the way I kind of think about it.
Kiara ✌-: I'm always that type of person, like it's good to be away from people and then kind of like get back together because it can make a stronger kind of thing. And I really hope that kind of happens, it doesn't push us further away. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Had a past partner in the past that he did the same exact thing. You know, he took a road trip from the West Coast to the East Coast and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: was I afraid of him being on the motorcycle. Yeah, but he checked in with me text me throughout the day checked in with me at night, let me know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He was safe and that he was okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the great part about it is that it is time that you get for you.
Kiara ✌-: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And yeah, he's going to be able to have an experience see people that he hasn't seen maybe connects back up with his son. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think it would be a bad thing. I really don't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, going through it myself. I understand what it was about. And for me, I was like, he's gonna be gone for a couple weeks and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get to watch what I want to GV I get to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever you know what I mean, I can go have coffee with somebody. I haven't seen for a while I can. You know what I mean, do something for me. And so I took that time and I spent a couple days, you know, with one friend a couple days with another friend and just really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, utilize that time, to the best of my ability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so, I mean, it's up to you, you know, whether or not what I know is that if it's something that he's really excited about. And he really wants to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you can voice your concerns about it and you could tell them you know what your fears are and what you hope happens out of it that it brings us closer together. And that takes you guys farther apart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe he'd be willing to take that time and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: evaluate how he can improve on his side of the relationship. Yeah, you know,
Kiara ✌-: That sounds good. Yeah, because there was two things. One,
Kiara ✌-: I get him going about the part like him kind of thinking about the relationship. I think that's a good part. Oh, and then, you know, being able to do kind of like what I want to do you know think oh, and there was another thing about the time. Remind me if I forget, but him.
Kiara ✌-: Crap, I forgot the other damn part. What was the other part it was. Oh, OK. Traveling okay so him, you know, going out for sounds like you know the whole quarantine. I can't do anything. I can't go anywhere, hang out with people and do what I want to do kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: But then I was talking to my aunt and she makes a lot of quilts out of jeans. So she collects jeans and I have like about 20 pairs of jeans.
Kiara ✌-: You know, between me and my husband like pants that just don't fit us or they're too worn out and she collects them and makes quotes. So it's like, even though this whole quarantine thing is happening.
Kiara ✌-: I think because she's been her house and yeah no I think about maybe it might be bad if I did go up there, but she's not like super worried about it, kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: But I'm going to take a couple days off of work and go up there and visit her and spend time with her because she lives all the way up in Reno. So that's like a two hour ish drive
Kiara ✌-: Those seniors. So I'm going to do that for a few days and take my land up there and then the thing with time.
Kiara ✌-: What about the term. I don't know.
Kiara ✌-: I don't know, I can't remember what the time part
Kiara ✌-: I don't know, I can't remember now.
Kiara ✌-: I remember later.
Kiara ✌-: Offline
Kiara ✌-: I'll be like, fuck, I remembered
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This what I wanted to ask
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, that's what where I would come from, you know, with it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely allowing him to experience and it's not fun. Can I just want to throw this out there too. Yeah, it's not fun. I mean, that ride you know from West Coast to East Coast is long, hot, cold you bugs in your face all the time, big huge bugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To it that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is rough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you know that. Yeah, he's having fun and he's he's with his friend, and he's doing this trip, but it's not all going to be peaches and cream so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that piece to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. I remembered I want to say before I forget it, but
Kiara ✌-: The whole time with him is that usually whenever he would work overtime and stuff like that. He obviously when he's working. I'm not going to expect him to message me and stuff like that.
Kiara ✌-: But then there'd be times where he would get off and it would be like a few hours and or he won't even messaged me anytime after he gets off of his work and he's like out of town.
Kiara ✌-: And I'll wake up or I'll be messaging, the hell out of him. And, you know, thinking of like what time did you get off or what are you doing, and then he just basically ignored me and I'd be like,
Kiara ✌-: You need to message me and at least let me know that you're going to bed. So I'm not worrying about you like
Kiara ✌-: something bad happen and stuff. So I did tell him I was like when you go, you better make sure that your messaging me
Kiara ✌-: I'm not. I said, constantly, but I don't mean like while you're writing. I told him. Oh, they do not like he whenever he he drove all the way up to
Kiara ✌-: Your Rica, or down to your Rica, whichever way it is, and he drove there a couple weeks ago, just to drive there to see how it is.
Kiara ✌-: On long distance, you know, that was kind of their trial thing. I think it took like five or six hours, you know, and then they stayed the night and then they came back and it was another five or six hours.
Kiara ✌-: But the whole time, like every time they stopped. He text me anytime he got to the hotel he texts me and then before he went to bed he texts me like he just kept in communication with me because I told him I'm like
Kiara ✌-: You know, especially if you're going on this ride. You need to make sure that you message me so I know that you're not freaking dead on the side of the road and nobody knows who you are.
Kiara ✌-: Is your wallet flew around and no can identify your body, you know, like I need to know because that's, to me, a lot of my anxiety is like death and like me thinking. I forgot what the word is but like basically the obsession of like overthinking stuff that's not
Kiara ✌-: Not it. Like I always have this fear and I always obsessively think about, like, what happens if my dad dies or, you know, I forgot what the word is but
Kiara ✌-: I was telling somebody else about it. And I remembered it off the top my head and I was like wow actually remembered
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ruminating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You ruminating your ruminating in the what ifs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Kiara ✌-: There's another word I use it but that's basically like reminiscing or something. I forgot what the URL where it is, but basically it was just me being like obsessively thinking about, you know,
Kiara ✌-: The whatever any negatives.
Kiara ✌-: It. There we go, catastrophic. There we go. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the same thing. That's what, that's what builds up the catastrophic thinking is a ruminating about the one thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We ruminate we think about it, and then we continue to think about it and we continue to think about it. And as we're thinking about it. It grows. Remember, whatever, whatever thought we give power to grows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ruminating about what if, if you're ruminating about death then that fear is what's going to grow. Right. And if you think in terms of, you know, nobody has a guarantee for tomorrow in this world. And that's number one. And one thing that is for certain is birth and death.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and so we understand that about life. We know we're born, we know we die, don't know when. Because we don't get privy to that information, it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happens when it happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got to keep telling yourself that yes, I am afraid of this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know very many people that are not afraid of death.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's more comforting to know that there's the two guarantees in life or both of those, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a way.
Kiara ✌-: To say to his last Monday.
Kiara ✌-: It. I don't, I don't think I said anything. I think I did. But my aunt, the one that one of the answer that I was talking about going to see in Reno. She has a sister or had a sister that were twins and
Kiara ✌-: She passed away, or she basically died. And I guess she was over, drinking, and she was taking more drugs and stuff. She used to be a pill popper and stuff and
Kiara ✌-: My aunt Tani is the one that kind of like disowned her. I was like, she's very against like the drugs and stuff like that, I guess, but
Kiara ✌-: I guess she was so drunk that she like fell and busted her head open and then just bled out and she was just so drunk. She couldn't even like stop herself to fall. She just fell and hit her head and just died. Pretty much like that she could even get up or anything, and
Kiara ✌-: Kind of like
Kiara ✌-: I don't know if it's like really hit home or I don't know if that's the right terminology, but it just made me think. I'm like, I'm glad I'm not like drinking excessively and using excessively because that could have been me in a way like
Kiara ✌-: If I was you know, it just makes me think, like, if that was
Kiara ✌-: Like I was so reckless and like just pop as many pills, as I want. You know, like there were times where I take like five or six of pills at a time and
Kiara ✌-: Like I always used to stop myself like okay three at a time. That's my top or like my Max, but then
Kiara ✌-: An hour or two later, then I'll take another you know three, you know, I've added up like that, but never like at once. And then on top of that, I was drinking and then on top of that, I was driving. So it's like I increase my risks even more and more and more. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's what we do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As part of the addictive behavior. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're still going to meetings.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, I go to meetings every single day and I do multiple like that website that I told you guys about
Kiara ✌-: And that group. I listened to the NA one they have one that's like a 24 hour one and I get on there, anytime and it's good because you could pop in and now and
Kiara ✌-: You're not really missing anything, necessarily, I mean you're hearing stories, of course, but usually like there's a schedule. You know, like there's always a topic and a chair and stuff, but with a lot of the 24 hours. It's just like open meeting.
Kiara ✌-: You can say like the Serenity Prayer at the beginning and they tell you a couple things that there's nobody sharing so
Kiara ✌-: sharing their stories constantly, constantly, constantly in you know they have co host and regular host that swap off every hour, two hours, three hours.
Kiara ✌-: You know, however long they want to stay on there for. So actually really like the NA one A I occasionally do too, because there's certain ones that
Kiara ✌-: Like my home. I would say like my home a is group three offer Bradshaw, that's the A that I first went to, and the one that I really liked, but it's a
Kiara ✌-: And I always kind of felt a little out of place because I never thought of myself to be as an alcoholic, even though I still went because I was like an addiction as an addiction. It doesn't matter, exactly what it is.
Kiara ✌-: But some of the virtual ones are like if you're not an alcoholic.
Kiara ✌-: You know, please, please shut up pretty much like they don't want to hear about if you're like crack addict or anything they want to hear if you're an alcoholic kind of thing so
Kiara ✌-: And they they seem to be more chill and relax. There's people. Let's say that still say like, yeah, I'm a an alcoholic to kind of thing.
Kiara ✌-: Because you don't just normally really have one addiction, because that that's how it was with me. I never really thought that I was never really a drinker. But then I started to
Kiara ✌-: When I slowed down on the pill use I started to drink a lot more. And then I was like, Damn, I'm an alcoholic. Like I never thought, you know, call it oh my battery's about to die.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's and you got to know that alcohol touches the same receptors as opioids and your brain for those one thing and it's easy when you're letting go of your drug of choice that you're something else ramps up right i mean that's just a part of addiction.
Kiara ✌-: just replacing oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. It's sometimes it's sometimes it's porn. Sometimes it's food. Sometimes it's, you know, relationships, it's something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about balance.
Kiara ✌-: You know, and I feel like that's my thing now is cigarettes and still kind of like the addiction to me but food like
Kiara ✌-: I used to be like, oh, I forgot to eat all day and then like that. No, just eat dinner and now it's like I'm like oh my god like I'm obsessive Lee over eating.
Kiara ✌-: And I don't like it. I know that I need to work out like it's gotten so bad that whenever I get up. I could be resting my feet for like 10 1520 minutes and I go to get up. My frickin feet hurt my ankles her, you know, I'm like,
Kiara ✌-: I need everything's wait, yeah it's but it's mostly like my legs because all the weight is like nine have tiny P I have like size six and a half feet.
Kiara ✌-: So I'm like, You got 200 pounds and that's literally the heaviest I've ever been even when I was pregnant. I was 130 pounds. When I was pregnant. So really need to start working out. I know I do. But I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's a piece of it to where your body says when you start when you get clean and sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you had that pattern of eating where your body's like feed me now because I'm not going to get anything later. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's about finding balance, you know, switch. Some of the things that you're eating healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuff. You know what I mean, it's just about paying attention to what you're putting in your body, but that's perfectly normal and early recovery to gain weight. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you will be able to lose it, and you'll be able to get back to you know where you're at. Once all of this levels out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. So, no, that means to god I think I gained
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 3040 pounds. The first year and sobriety. And then the second year and sobriety. I worked to get rid of that 30 and 40 pounds and i i got rid of 20 of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And was perfectly happy with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got rid of it. But you know, I still you know struggled with it was about what I was putting in my body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that starvation factor.
Kiara ✌-: Because I used to start myself. I got all the way down to like 138 maybe 135 which is like what I wasn't high school and then
Kiara ✌-: About two years ago. Whenever I got I sit down job he just kind of it just went on and went on and now 200 pounds I game. I'd say basically like that. I don't know the math of it, but like 70 pounds. I think or 60 pounds adorable it
Kiara ✌-: You'll
Kiara ✌-: Get it, but at least I get down to 170 because I used to be my old norm. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're tall, too.
Kiara ✌-: Sometimes we're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like Oh really. Oh, you're still taller than me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you're tall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're still talking to me, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish that I could have those couple inches because I wouldn't look so compacted
Kiara ✌-: You know, yeah.
Kiara ✌-: I'm even though I carry my weight pretty evenly all over
Kiara ✌-: I still have big hips. I have big cat. I feel like I just have big legs.
Kiara ✌-: And then when I have like the big legs like everybody tells me on your feet look so tiny and your I definitely have tiny hands too.
Kiara ✌-: But everything else. I feel like as big, except for like the ends of my body and even my head, my head is tiny to
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll get it. It just takes work. It does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just give yourself a break this first year. You know what I mean. And you can get yourself in a routine. You know what I mean, a little bit out of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I would start with powder and water and switching junk food to healthy. That's not that easy. By the way, good.
Kiara ✌-: Drinking water drinking water is so i mean
Kiara ✌-: This right here in my coffee. This is, I mean, I usually only drink this. I just drink like this little coffee and then that's it all day. This is probably
Kiara ✌-: Maybe 26 ounces or so and then that's it. And then I take like a couple sips of water just to take my pill at night and then that that's all I all I really drink. It's horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I
Kiara ✌-: Drink water, but I just
Kiara ✌-: It's like appetite.
Kiara ✌-: It doesn't it.
Kiara ✌-: It's like, I mean,
Kiara ✌-: I mean, I did.
Kiara ✌-: I love lemons and I love lemon water. I tried doing that, but even like because like these little things a little ice Sparkling Ice
Kiara ✌-: Actually like these, but I it's just I don't really have an appetite to drink.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's weird. Yeah, you got to kind of make yourself at first and
Kiara ✌-: Crazy, of course, because
Kiara ✌-: The water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's another piece of it, too, because then you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to get used to drinking the water then you gotta used to go into the bathroom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 15 times in a work day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and it sounds like some of those women in your office would probably have a problem with that.
Kiara ✌-: Probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is funny, but it's not. But I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, women, women can certainly be caddy for sure they got nothing better to do than talk about you.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing. All right. Well, I'm going to go. I have somebody else already in my waiting room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
Kiara ✌-: Okay, too. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a great week. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make some plans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do something while he's, you know, while he's away just for you. Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: I will. I'm pretty concerned about the podcast. So I'll probably as she said, I gotta write like you know
Kiara ✌-: Kind of like write it out, but don't read it out loud, just kind of have like your cue cards of what, just in case if you get sidetracked because I told her about my memory. She's like, just write it all down, and then we can practice it and stuff so
Kiara ✌-: Good. The doctor and then her, of course, and then the substance abuse coordinator or navigator together so it'll be good. Yeah.
Kiara ✌-: Good, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let me know when you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when it's available because I'll go search it and watch it. Oh.
Kiara ✌-: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gonna be exciting.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, I'm excited for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yours. Yeah, advocate. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty exciting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's exciting for me and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing it. You know what I mean, it's exciting because your voice is going to get out there.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, I brought me here mostly a podcast for doctors and nurses, so it's
Kiara ✌-: Like
Kiara ✌-: A real patient talking about, you know, like addiction and stuff, because I feel like, and that was why I was scared to go in, is because I was so afraid that the doctors
Kiara ✌-: And the nurses were going to be like she's just a druggie or a junkie. And, you know, just be so negative and it was the complete opposite.
Kiara ✌-: Yeah, but I was telling my husband just real quick story. I was telling my husband, like the day that it happened when I was asked to do it.
Kiara ✌-: I was like, I was like, wait a minute, I'm a white girl that doesn't look like a junkie, it's, I mean, it'd be one thing if I was like homeless and I was
Kiara ✌-: You know black or Mexican or something, then I'd be like, Wow, that's so empowering. But I just feel like I'm a white like Oh, she has privileged type of thing, but I'm not trying to think, negative and try to be a doubt myself down for it, like I always do with everything so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a piece of it and listen to your story. You have to know that your story is just as powerful as anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anybody else you still go through the same feelings, the same thoughts about it. You know what I mean. You put yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In risky situations. You know what I mean. So don't discount
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your experience because you are you know your recovery and your story can impact somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More than one somebody out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to know that.
Kiara ✌-: Kira yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you in group and you have an awesome
Kiara ✌-: All right, and are we set for not this upcoming Tuesday, but basically two weeks out right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, now because I want to keep you every week, but
Kiara ✌-: Every week
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do. I think when you wanted me to change. Let me find it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where, where did I put you
Kiara ✌-: We can do it on Monday, I don't want to hold up the other personal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, hold way. It's right here. I know your phone is getting ready to die, but let me look
Kiara ✌-: I think it's at 8% now so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, crap. Okay. Yep. I don't have you on for for the 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I do the 19th
Kiara ✌-: You do on the 19th
Kiara ✌-: Okay, we get people like that that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, all right. I'm excited to hear about what you've got planned.
Kiara ✌-: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will talk at you later. And you have a great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day.
Kiara ✌-: All right. Thank you, you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
iPhone: Yeah, and so he was, he had been to the doctor, like over a month ago and he hadn't scheduled his appointment for the specialist and it's growing really fast. It went from four to six centimeters since October.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
iPhone: So it has been a month and he and made his appointment to your non carry came over here. I was like,
iPhone: Yeah, I saw, I called and made the appointment and it's this Thursday.
iPhone: And they're going to just do a
iPhone: Deployment like this on on the Internet.
iPhone: With a neurosurgeon and Albuquerque.
iPhone: Dan, I'm going to have him get another referral of my realtor that I worked with she took her daughter down. That's also a realtor in our office that has a brain tumor. She just found out at Thanksgiving and it's causing grand mal seizures.
iPhone: And she went down to learn today in El Paso, and I want Preston to see both of them before we make a decision on who's gonna go see
iPhone: for brain surgery, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. You want him to be get the best care that there is, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sure.
iPhone: And so he's like, I'll put and guilt trips on us. And I'm like, well, he's gotta move back in with us because
iPhone: He I can't see hardly I have my glasses.
iPhone: Because he's gonna have brain surgery and he's got me back in and and vice
iPhone: Versa or no no no teaching live somewhere else. I have brain surgery. It's not a tumor. It's a sis and all they're doing is relieving the pus in the infection from it. That's it. They're not removing a mouse. Well john read up on what it said on the paper or not he
iPhone: He concluded, or whatever. However, they say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I would wait
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And ask the doctor about recovery time. And what that's going to look like for them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I would. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and based
iPhone: Off, you know, yeah, Doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what to do. Mom, you know,
iPhone: I'm thinking, Yeah, I've already had brain surgery, you know, they took out part of my skull.
iPhone: And yeah, they
iPhone: Taught me from ear to ear across the top pull this down and took part of my school out and went
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
iPhone: Holy shit, that I don't know. I should go into light. Maybe you can see it. I got a giggle dent in my head because my youngest when he was 13 he had been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right edge, buddy.
iPhone: But I do not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, I see it.
iPhone: Yeah, it's got like the the power they cut the circle and pulled it up or out or whatever. That's it got knocked off in there. So now I've got a dip down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
iPhone: Yeah, got it bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Does I didn't eat, you know, if you went to pointed it out. I would have never saw it.
iPhone: Yeah, and then like scores like here.
iPhone: It goes across my head.
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I would definitely talk to the doctor and find out what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What the recovery time is, you know what I mean and see
iPhone: You as a mom.
You want
iPhone: Yeah, I know.
iPhone: I know that I had a physical therapist coming in my house three days a week. I lived an hour out of San Antonio. So a bit late.
iPhone: Today, and then
iPhone: I heard some goodness today about him. I gotta plug my phone.
iPhone: He called and said that he
iPhone: Got an appointment for an interview with the city of Alma Gordo which is over here not over in Las Cruces for a lives 66 miles away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
iPhone: It's for $22 an hour for an IT specialist and benefits and everything. So he's going to that appointment on Thursday, and he's coming over here so I can Morgan, we can do is appointment at my office.
iPhone: Awesome. Yeah, so good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So cross my fingers say some prayers. So your higher power about him getting this job.
iPhone: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. This is, is this the kid your son. I know you talked about one of them that was struggling
iPhone: Yeah, just the one know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a different one.
iPhone: Yeah, this is the second to old us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not the youngest one
iPhone: Yeah, I have three boys oldest is the one with the problem and then Preston
iPhone: He's the one that's he's just has a personality problem he needs to get into therapy, more than anybody I know he is negative about every
iPhone: Body. It's really bad to be
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Yeah, but
iPhone: I just keep praying for him and trying to show them a different way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's all you can do. Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
iPhone: He's the one he works at a dispensary. He works at Everest apothecary over and last creases.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. All right, now I'm talking
iPhone: And he's his mega amounts of his medicine. He's been like a TV. He's got a robot probably for joining you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello. Yeah.
iPhone: He holds a lot of hurt from the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it sounds like he would benefit from some therapy. Huh.
iPhone: Yeah, and I have really bad guilt from it from getting arrested in DOORS kicked him with the SWAT team and all that.
iPhone: With him and my youngest and
iPhone: So I've been really easy on him. And I was so strict on my older t and those are the ones that turned out you know that they can dang support and sales. They don't need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah. Isn't that funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's so funny when you think about it, right, the ones that you coddled and love. Love the hardest out of guilt or whatever it may be, are the ones that need the most help when they're older. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like tough love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says some guy for tough love.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny. So how are you doing it.
iPhone: My youngest is the raging drug addict in Texas.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's the one that we thought yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the one that I talked about. So tell me how you're doing with all of these things that are going on with your children.
iPhone: Well, I had a party today or and it came out.
iPhone: Cinco de
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mayo medical domain.
iPhone: One tone of voice is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny. I didn't even know what's legal two miles until I saw it on Facebook. I'm like, oh, it's, it doesn't really see called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: didn't even realize it Mother's Day was on Saturday until somebody said, hey, Mother's Day is on Saturday. And I'm like,
iPhone: On Sunday, is it. I see. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I thought it was Saturday could be Sunday I could be wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, I just, oh, it is Saturday. No, wait, Mother's Day is the ninth right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
iPhone: It's the first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the 10th Sunday.
Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't even realize that until just recently.
iPhone: John's Mom's birthday is on the eighth and we didn't send the record yet. We need to get in the one in the mail sermon.
iPhone: Oh, well, I'll send it today.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I found is overnight flowers work really well to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time right right gets their own time.
iPhone: Those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dominoes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or the domino
iPhone: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny.
iPhone: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't say anything because I do that too.
iPhone: I'm doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're okay with all the stress and the issues with that are going on with your kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah we handle and all that. Okay.
iPhone: I can't you know I can do is pray for him.
iPhone: I don't like. So when my son calls us at 730 on Saturday and asked us to go get him alcohol.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me, no.
iPhone: I did. I said john was already going so
iPhone: We did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, so see you held your boundaries, you know,
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did good. Are you going to have a talk with them about it or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep it to yourself. You already did.
iPhone: I don't think you can't change other people's minds. I don't think it's possible. Yeah.
iPhone: Or do you eyes we on and driving over here to get some
iPhone: Areas like actually at the other end of our street.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK right down the road. I mean,
iPhone: someone's mind is like trying to create a diamond out of thin air.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And really it's not about changing his mind, but really it's about you setting boundaries for your recovery. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really all it's about and you can't control hubby over there either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He chose
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me if he chose to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it, that's up to him, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right about you, you know,
iPhone: That's exactly what I know, that's why I stayed in bed and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would have to definitely
iPhone: Felt that all day Sunday about it and I was like, Dang, and
iPhone: She don't like that as a mom for, you know,
iPhone: It would be like if if some if I was on heroin and I called Shawn to go brings me some heroin, because it's dealer lives in his neighborhood.
iPhone: You know, no difference really
Right.
iPhone: But Sean didn't but his wife Sarah did
iPhone: Solar charging me two or three and over. Yeah, and that's what really bothered me because I don't want to be taken money from my kids bring him alcohol that's, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially, we already know he has a problem.
iPhone: Yeah, not good parenting at all. I don't want to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's nothing wrong with you, setting those boundaries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, are you, yeah.
iPhone: It will be better for him to you in the long run. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. You know, it's like it's true what your husband says we can't control other people, but we can definitely set boundaries for what we're comfortable with and what we're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know,
Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I get that piece. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: However, you can't control your husband over there, so he can do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your recovery.
iPhone: change people's mind by talking to people that voted for Trump.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love, I love that. I just keep my opinion to myself, because one time that I did voice my opinion. I got a lecture. So, I quit.
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just quit and you know my perception is very minimal.
iPhone: You gotta ask yourself, has logic and reason failed in our society.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think there's a lot of things that are found in our society.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely more recent
So,
iPhone: Well, I will say that
iPhone: Yeah.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, but I agree with you. I just want to tell you that 100% I agree with you. So
iPhone: How can anyone take someone's word that's a constant liar and feel it. That's okay.
iPhone: Right, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
iPhone: Know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We could, like, it is we can be in this conversation about this issue for a long time because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They understand that.
iPhone: I know, and I'm not religious, either. And you know how that works too.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
iPhone: The study of
iPhone: Epistemology is very interesting to me and
iPhone: I want to do something I want to put something forward to help society in its mental state, but I haven't exactly been able to conjure up a plan to do that. Yeah, how it would work. You got to be able to do it for you. Don't piss anybody off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, good luck with that.
Because yeah, I always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Said,
iPhone: How long is our meeting before we go for. I don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: usually go for 20 minutes or so.
iPhone: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's up to you. How long have we been in here.
iPhone: I have no idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably 15 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We've been in for about 15 minutes. Are you tired. Are you ready for bed.
iPhone: No, I mean, I guess.
iPhone: I don't talk about
iPhone: Politics, or whatever it is.
iPhone: Jesus study
iPhone: To study
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. See, I didn't know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learn something new every day.
iPhone: Yeah, did
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not know that
iPhone: Yeah, and and you you
iPhone: This guy does a study on YouTube and he meet strangers and you ask them specific questions to study where their mental state is and then he doesn't analysis. It's really cool.
Yeah, I've seen that. Yeah.
iPhone: Because people
iPhone: When people have sort of belief systems. They can be asked questions, it puts them into a paradox.
iPhone: And then, you know, it's like if it was a binary code for a computer. The computer, we would freeze, you know,
Because it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
iPhone: It's so cool. It's, it's, it's like that. But the people they they realize that they've they're believing in something in yet believing in something that's quite the opposite.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
iPhone: Like, do you believe in magic. And if they say yes, then they say, well, when you go to the ATM. Do you just do a stone money comes out, you know, or do you have to actually do something. Well, yeah, but I can't make that. And that's a bad example. But if you
iPhone: If you believe in something that is not proven. Okay.
iPhone: Some people believe there is a slack. So if you have that belief system that the earth is flat, then why can you, can you explain how that would be, and then he has some very specific questions and they and they come to an end a reality that is that He analyzes and
iPhone: Anthony to Bosco is on YouTube. And if you ever get a chance to look up epistemology. Oh, it's called street epistemology. That's what's called street epistemology.
iPhone: That's good. It's a good deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will check it out.
iPhone: It's hard to explain but it's really, it's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will check that out. Definitely. Thank you very much for that information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was like, learning about new things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: One last thing I have to say usually is questioning people about their religious beliefs.
iPhone: And about their fat, so I don't, no matter what it is, it could be could be anything Buddhist
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got it. I'll check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you for that info.
iPhone: I've been
iPhone: I've been a Buddhist I've been, you know, a lot of different things that
iPhone: He's an atheist.
iPhone: Or agnostic. No.
iPhone: I don't know what he is, he's searcher he's a searcher
iPhone: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. You know what I mean, that's better than then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The alternative right is having a belief system that you don't believe in
iPhone: You know, right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's pretty awesome, right, just like you believe your beliefs. You have your beliefs, you know, you're setting around with it. There's nothing wrong with that, either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No totally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you go.
iPhone: All right, I'll see you later. Haven't been late
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, if anything happens, and you're struggling and you need to talk. All right. You just go back to VC tell them, you know, ask them to get me back on the line. I know that you're going through a lot right now with your kids. And you know what I mean. I just want to tell you that. All right.
iPhone: Thank you, pushing it. All right. I sent my son. The link for
iPhone: The eating program through there and I'm hoping that he'll get on it and get on doing therapy with you guys because it's really helped me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I hope so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me to so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, big purse for him. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, thanks. Alright.
iPhone: I will talk to you later. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye. I